Added SGX README info. (#28)
enarx/demo: intel-sgx/README.md

# SGX Remote Attestation
This is a demo of the SGX remote attestation process using Intel's
[DCAP](https://download.01.org/intel-sgx/dcap-1.0/docs/SGX_ECDSA_QuoteGenReference_DCAP_API_Linux_1.0.pdf) on a CPU that
supports [SGX2](https://github.com/ayeks/SGX-hardware#hardware-with-sgx2-support).

It contains 3 parts: the [attesting enclave](https://github.com/enarx/demo/tree/master/intel-sgx/attestation-enclave);
the [tenant](https://github.com/enarx/demo/tree/master/intel-sgx/attestation-tenant) requesting attestation; and the
[daemon](https://github.com/enarx/demo/tree/master/intel-sgx/attestation-daemon) to communicate between the first two
until attestation is complete. These can all run on the same machine for the purpose of the demonstration.

> However, in a production scenario the enclave and daemon would be on one platform and the tenant would run on a separate machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in a production scenario the enclave and daemon would run in a different location, and therefore on a separate machine, than the tenant.
```

To run this code, you will need to provide the PCK certificate chain you would like to use to

> validate the enclave's attestation. See section below on how to obtain this certificate chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validate the enclave's attestation. See the section below on how to obtain this certificate chain.
```

Author: Fixed!

### Retrieving PCK certificate chain for Intel SGX Remote Attestation
The PCK certificate chain is needed to validate the Quote that contains the enclave's attestation. It is meant to be
retrieved separately by the user or tenant (the party requesting attestation) and is assumed to be trusted by the user.
It contains the root and any intermediate certificates from Intel; the Quote will contain the leaf certificate, known
as the PCK Cert.

The root and intermediate certificates can be retrieved as a chain from
[Intel's API](https://api.portal.trustedservices.intel.com/documentation#pcs-certificate) without registering for an API key.
They can be retrieved by using the following command,
which parses the response from Intel and places it in a file called `pck_chain.pem`:
```

> curl -v "https://api.trustedservices.intel.com/sgx/certification/v1/pckcrl?ca={processor}"  

Reviewer: Is `{processor}` a variable that needs to be filled in?

2>&1 | awk -F"SGX-PCK-CRL-Issuer-Chain: " '{print $2}' | sed -e :a -e  
's@%@\\x@g;/./,$!d;/^\n*$/{$d;N;};/\n$/ba' | xargs -0 printf "%b" > pck_chain.pem
```
The output file, `pck_chain.pem`, will include the Intermediate and Root PCK certificates from Intel. This chain is used to
verify the Quote's PCK Cert, the leaf certificate corresponding to this same certificate chain. There is no need to manually

> add the root cert to the system's trusted root certs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add the root cert to the system's trusted root certs since they are not used by any of this code.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is true, therefore please correct my suggestion if it's wrong :wink:

Author: The root certs are used by the code, but not in a way that you'd need to add them to the system. The code creates its own certificate chain "context," and the root is added to that context by the code itself.

Reviewer: My suggestion was ambiguous, apologies! What I mean is that the system's trusted root certs aren't used. Is that correct?

Author: That's true. If you think that is worth adding explicitly, I will put it in.

### How to Run the SGX Demo

> 1. Make sure your CPU is [SGX2-capable](https://github.com/ayeks/SGX-hardware#hardware-with-sgx2-support) and supports

Reviewer: I think there's a program to verify if SGX2 is usable on the running system. We should probably link to that too, or build our own small one included in this demo?

Author: Fortanix does include a way to test it. I could refer to that. 

I have some ambition to make this entire process (or as much of it as possible) into a bash script so that people don't have to manually go through all of this, because it's a lot.

Reviewer: You could add a build file e.g. a `Dockerfile` and instructions how to use it. This would give best reproducibility and least friction which might be caused by the various linux distributions.

the test provided by [Fortanix](https://github.com/fortanix/rust-sgx). You will need to have Rust Nightly and the Fortanix EDP components
installed before you can run their test with `sgx-detect` as shown on their page. The result of this test should how a green check mark for 
`SGX Features: SGX2` to indicate that your system supports SGX2.

![PACSPull Plugin](/intel-sgx/images/sgx-detect-sgx2.png)

### Retrieving PCK certificate chain for Intel SGX Remote Attestation
The PCK certificate chain is needed to validate the Quote that contains the enclave's attestation. It is meant to be
retrieved separately by the user or tenant (the party requesting attestation) and is assumed to be trusted by the user.
It contains the root and any intermediate certificates from Intel; the Quote will contain the leaf certificate, known
as the PCK Cert.

The root and intermediate certificates can be retrieved as a chain from
[Intel's API](https://api.portal.trustedservices.intel.com/documentation#pcs-certificate) without registering for an API key.
They can be retrieved by using the following command,
which parses the response from Intel and places it in a file called `pck_chain.pem`:

> ```

Author: Sorry, I've looked at the link but I'm not sure what you mean by this. What is the suggested change?

> ```

Reviewer: The suggested change is to change the language for the syntax highlighting of the code block. The language I'm suggesting is `bash session` a.k.a. `console`.

> ```

Reviewer: By _changing_ I actually meant adding a language explicitly.

> ```

Author: Oh, interesting! Okay, I think I just changed this based on https://help.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks.

driver is **different** from Intel's default SGX driver. The default Intel SGX driver for attestation with
the Intel Attestation Service will not work and documentation online suggesting installation of this driver should be ignored. 

3. Install [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) Nightly. After installing Rust, you can use `rustup default nightly` to use Nightly Rust.

4. Install the Fortanix EDP, following the steps on this [page](https://github.com/fortanix/rust-sgx). 

5. Install the Fortanix DCAP Quote Provider. Either obtain the crate from this [link](https://crates.io/api/v1/crates/dcap-provider/0.2.0/download) or clone the Fortanix `rust-sgx` 
[repo](https://github.com/fortanix/rust-sgx). In either case, navigate to the `dcap-provider` crate and build it with `cargo build --release`. Find the `libdcap-quoteprov.so` file inside
`dcap-provider/target/release` and move it to `/usr/local/lib`.

6. Retrieve Intel's PCK certificate chain as described in the [section](https://github.com/lkatalin/demo/blob/official-sgx-demo-attestation-only/intel-sgx/README.md#retrieving-pck-certificate-chain-for-intel-sgx-remote-attestation) above.

> 7. After cloning this repo, run the `attestation-enclave` with `cargo run --target x86_64-fortanix-unknown-sgx` and leave it running. Run the `attestation-daemon` with `cargo run` and leave it running. These both must be running before the tenant requests attestation (step 8).

Author: Sure, I just added it. This was in step 4, but was not explicitly mentioned before.
